March 15 2017 14:30-15:20

Project Management:
  Impediments to progress:
    Not enough information. The system architecture is not clear.
    University is reluctant to give information:
      Only allowed to use the name of the router.
      We will only have access to 2 routers.
      We wont have access to mac addresses.
      Network:
        Hoping for access to API (aruba) which is the universities wifi management entity. API will give us access to figure out location of people and flow map.
      Security:
        Dont want to give us details of their system.
    
  Recommendations:
    We need clarification on what data we will have access to.
    We need clarification on what other subsystems will require from us.
    Who will be pulling and who will be pushing. This can be provided with a component diagram.
    We could consult the integration team for clarification on the inter subsystem APIs.
    To get any work done in the light of uncertainty and incomplete information we will have to make assumptions.
      We assume that we will get user location data tied with persistent ID.

  Vision for the mock demo:
    Not clear yet. Hopefully on friday.

  Decisions made:
    Draft a document of question for the client on friday.
    Startup slack group.

March 17 12:30-13:00
  Concerns raised:
    The scope of the data streaming subsystem and what services it should provide to the rest of the system.
    What hardware will the system run on?
    Are security measures such as kerberos and per client authentication needed?
    What API should we expose to the other subsystems? REST? Flink or other messaging system specific protocol?

  Feedback received:
    For the purposes of next weeks demonstration, only a device location and ID must be published in the messaging system.
    We do not know yet what hardware is needed, but the lecturer said it should not be a problem to accommodate our needs.
    No security measures for the purposes of this prototype system needs to be implemented.
    We should involve the integration team in the discussion of what sort of an API we should expose to the rest of the system.
      RESTfull API is ideal for low coupling and does not require much from the other subsystems to work.
      However, the client has expressed that the system should be as fast as possible.
      In addition, Flink, our technology of choice, does not have a REST API. 
      Because REST is not an option, it is unavoidable that the data streaming subsystem will impose additional requirements
      on the other subsystems in order for them to talk to each other. 
      This will be done by involving the integration team and teams from other relevant subsystems to reach consensus on the protocol.
      For the purpose of next weeks demonstration, only navigation will need to be involved in the talks about APIs

March Wed 13:36-15:34
  Attendees:
    Data streaming team
    Integration team
  Concerns raised:
    Scope and responsibility of each subsystem.
    Consensus between subsystems on a uniform API.

  Discussions:
    Integration team clarified that the subsystem's responsibility
    is restricted to location data according to a discussion that was had
    with the lecturer.

    Some discussion on where the data team's responsibilities end
    and where the integration team's responsibilities start.

    General discussion on design decisions for the entire system
    regarding communication between subsystems and technologies
    that will help to facilitate that. A pub/sub system seems to
    be the attractive solution. Perhaps Kafka or nsq.io.

    What filtering and sanitation can be done to demonstrate
    the data streaming subsystem.

  Decisions made:
    Change the dummy data stream to generate erroneous data
    every now and the. This way we can show that Flink can
    validate the datastream.

    Write a validation routine in flink.
    Invalid data gets dumped to an error log.

    Write a sanitiser routing in flink.
    Remove vestigial records from the json stream.

March 31 11:30-12:12
  Attendees:
    Data team
  Itenerary:
    
  Discussion:
    We will be getting access to the analytics engine of arubanet.
      It has a restful pub/sub api.
    The requirements inside the domain of the data stream subsystem.
    
  Concerns raised:
    Our requirements keep changing. There is a communication problem between the customer and the respresentatives and integration team.
    The requirements need to be enumerated and put on paper for signoff with the relevant parties.
    Data team does not have the concrete requirements yet. The representative says that we will have them clarified on Monday, but the deadline is on Wednesday.
    If the data team does not have the requirements, no project management can occur.

  Plan of action:
    Write mock data generators that are congruent with the aruba analytics engine.
    Have meetings with Vreda, integration and GIS about expectations and requirements from us.
    Write code serves requests from GIS.
    
